this veggie packed minestrone soup is
inspired by a successful weight loss
programs most popular soup recipes
full of flavor it fills you up for only
169 calories per 2 cup serving start
with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive
oil in a large soup pot or Dutch oven
heat the oil over medium heat add 2 cups
chopped onions 2 cups chopped celery
one cup chopped green bell pepper and 4
minced garlic cloves cook stirring
frequently until the vegetables are
softened about 13 to 15 minutes then add
three cups chopped cabbage 3 cups
chopped cauliflower 2 cups chopped
carrots and two cups green beans cut
into 1-inch pieces cook stirring
occasionally until slightly softened
about 10 more minutes next add 8 cups
low-sodium broth you can use vegetable
or chicken broth 2 cups water 1 15 ounce
can tomato sauce 1 14 ounce can diced
tomatoes 1 15 ounce can kidney or pinto
beans rinsed and 1 bay leaf cover and
bring to a boil reduce the heat and
simmer partially covered until the
vegetables are tender about 20 to 25
minutes then stir in 4 cups chopped
fresh spinach and simmer for 10 more
minutes
discard the bay leaf and stir in 1/2 cup
thinly sliced basil ladle into bowls and
top each portion with 1 tablespoon
freshly grated Parmesan cheese this
recipe makes a big pot of delicious
vegetable soup that will keep in the
refrigerator for up to 5 days find this
recipe and more healthy recipes on
eating well calm